[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna zip through puppet master
three two Long's revenge let's get to it
this one opens in a German laboratory in
Berlin nineteen forty one major Krauss
doing his best to pull off a German
accent by adding some these and Z's to
his words is checking the progress of
dr. Hess who's performing some classic
Nazi medicine he's looking for a way to
create a zombie frontline capable of
absorbing some punishment for the troops
but he appears to have failed again and
is on the verge of receiving some of
that old hit leery injustice when
they're all surprised to discover he was
temporarily successful great work
unfortunately the celebration is more
violent than one would want maybe just
an ice cream cake next time we then cut
to tool on performing a dangerous work
of satire for some kids in which is six
armed cowboy makes Adolf dance like a
little [ __ ] the children disperse fully
satisfied then this Aryan approaches and
creeps everyone out by impersonating a
human sized penis as a fellow puppeteer
he's interested in the stringless
technique employed he also makes some
veiled threats about the show's content
and then leaves he creeps to the window
and whips out his camera surprising no
one inside they say some stuff and then
Wiener boy runs off to tattle believing
he's stumbled upon the missing element
they've been looking for in the
reanimation project this comes at a
perfect time as Krauss begins putting
the pressure on dr. Hesse who's forced
to play his ace card and bring the
general into it the general happens to
be engaged in German bathhouse
activities at the time receiving a humid
leg spread rubdown he gives doctor has
authority to pursue an investigation of
Tula unmolested when they try to uncover
his secrets elsa steps in and incurs the
wrath of the SS Kraus shows restraint at
doctor has his insistence but when Elsa
spits in his face he has an excuse to
satisfy his bloodlust now with nothing
left loose and likely headed to a Nazi
prison Toulon allows his puppets to
express their true nature and they
immediately began choking and Burling
allowing Toulon to escape and is
somewhat confusing sequence Kraus learns
of his failure but doesn't return to the
theatre until the next morning
- Lana is not there and they burned down
possibly just the puppet stage you'd
think - Lana has already fled but then
he shows up shortly after - lon
refreshed by his rage resolves to let no
offender of this transgression go
unpunished he vows no mercy and plenty
of leeches with a clear goal ahead of
them the puppets converging the more
like a miniature wooden troop of
inglorious bastards they promptly gear
out the coroner and then begin to take a
sample from Elsa another medical
technician shows up since he poses no
real threat they give happy a chance to
experiment with his violent side as he
sticks some good and tastes his first
blood these
into the darkness and used their sample
to animate the Elsa doll completing the
trick by feeding her a leech they then
immediately go out in search of blood
but I thought satire was unacceptable in
retaliation for this bad joke
tiny wretches his face a bit and Elsa
regurgitates a leech which is gross for
sure but it's not totally clear how this
kills meanwhile dr. Hess is getting
railroaded it was a reanimated body has
to saved again when Kraus learns of
lieutenant Stein's death they managed to
find the temporary workshop somehow and
Krauss baby rages all over the place
Toulon finds a new hideout and then
walks the streets in disguise he takes a
detour through the red light district
where the ladies are known to wave the
white flag if you know what I mean
do you because I have no idea our gun
slinger demonstrates the advantage of
extra arms as he had deftly scales the
building imagines to blast the general
despite losing an arm the general is
then gracious enough to jump out the
window
finishing the job Toulon gets some
visitors in his hovel a young New
Zealand Peter and his father who had to
flee the Gestapo and are now playing
picnic you ignorant [ __ ] despite their
best efforts to quell young Peters
wanderlust he goes off in search of
adventure hoping to find the parts
Toulon needs to repair his puppets and
become a puppeteers apprentice
unfortunately he arrives at the workshop
around the same time dr. Hess comes to
see if there any extra secrets lying
about just one in his name's Peter the
doctor immediately begins to manipulate
the young impressionable simpleton and
convinces him to lead them to two lon
luckily dr. Hess really does have
reverence for two lon seeing the Majesty
in his work we find out that the
reanimation works best when imposed upon
a willful spirit each of the puppets
have been endowed with the essence of
one of his friends killed by the Nazis
Peter's father looking to earn his
family's freedom has led soldiers back
to the hideout
however Toulon and the gang are still in
fighting mode and the first soldier gets
bricked in the face the puppets go crazy
on the rest taking them out one by one
in their own way dr. Hess spends a
little too long staring at this injured
soldier and gets gutted for his effort
the rest of the group barely manages to
make it out Peter shows up and pledged
his allegiance to the murderous cause
and we find ourselves back across his
office his puppet is there somehow it's
not clear whose soul it has anyway they
act like Kraus opened the lament
configuration hooking his limbs and
hanging him over an axe before lighting
the rope on fire and letting nature take
its course
two lon takes off after that presumably
for a bodega bay
and that's puppetmaster 3 the backstory
I hope you enjoyed the video thanks for
watching
[Applause]